Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[♪ Dua Lipa "End Of An Era" playing]
♪ One. two. three. ayy ♪
♪ What's it about a kiss ♪
♪ That makes me Feel like this? ♪
♪ Makes me an optimist I guess ♪
♪ I always jump too quick
Hopin' this one might stick ♪
♪ Hopelessly romantic ♪
♪ Then you said "Hey" ♪
♪ And I said "Hey" ♪
♪ What's your name? ♪
♪ Come with me ♪
- [horn honks]
- [gasps] Whoa!
♪ 'Cause when I see your face Ah ♪
♪ The sweetest pleasure ♪
♪ I feel like We're gonna be together ♪
♪ This could be The end of an era ♪
♪ Who knows. baby This could be forever ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ In the clouds There she goes ♪
♪ Butterflies Let them flow ♪
♪ 'Nother girl falls in love ♪
♪ Another girl Leaves the club ♪
♪ I've lost all my senses ♪
♪ La-la-la-la La-la-la-la-la... ♪
[applause]
Yeah!
Ah! [chuckles]
What?
Two years in a row. Well done.
Mmm. Yes. thank you. Alert the media.
- Oh. wait. That's us.
- [chuckles]
[announcer] And now we've arrived
at the Golden Keyboard.
for the story or series that constitutes
outstanding enterprise
or investigative reporting.
Our first nominee.
from the New York Vanguard is
Andy Sachs.
for "Hearts of the City:
Stories of Resilience."
Our second nominee.
from the Gotham Sentinel
is George Ali for "The Subway Tapes."
From the Borough Report.
Yvonne Simpson for. "The Cost
Of Medical Care is Terminal."
From the New York Metro Constitution.
Daniel Goldbaum.
for "Fighting Fire with Fire."
It's everybody.
[announcer] And the winner is
Andy Sachs.
[cheering]
Go.
[attendee] It's great!
That's right. Andy!
[sighs]
Uh... [breathing shakily]
Thank you for this award. Um...
Sorry. I know I look. uh...
[inhales deeply]
Shocked sad. instead of shocked happy.
and. uh... [stammers]
That's because I...
I just... [inhales sharply]
I and that whole table
full of talented.
award-winning professionals
from my paper. the Vanguard.
just got fired...
- What?
- [gasping]
- by text.
We understand journalism is changing.
but it's still devastating
when something like this happens to you.
Turns out our parent company is taking
a 500-million-dollar write-down.
so we're... [exhales deeply]
Technical term. toast.
[♪ Ledisi "Daydreaming" playing]
[friend] I can't believe
they just fired everyone.
At least it's a good picture of you.
I just feel so terrible
for everyone at the paper.
John's wife's about to have
their second baby.
And Allison just bought a house.
Also. it's so unfair.
The CEO of the company that owns the paper
just took home 11 million last year.
Make that make sense.
I can't. But you are gonna be okay.
I don't know. Lil.
Everyone I know is going through this.
Layoffs. downsizing. consolidation.
It's just brutal.
[clicks tongue] Anyway...
I know that I'm lucky.
I know that a lot of people
have it worse than me.
Most people have it worse
than me. It's just...
I'll be fine. I'll be fine.
It is so unfair.
You've worked your ass off
for a whole two decades.
all across the country and the world.
and you never took the easy paycheck.
- Never slept with a colleague.
- Mmm?
- I mean. one.
- Mmm.
Two.
Anyway. the point is.
is that I never slept with
anyone who could promote me.
just the hot powerless ones.
Are you sure you don't wanna
come and work for me at the gallery?
I need someone who can write decent copy.
And you need a job.
So sweet.
No. thank you. Not yet.
[♪ Miley Cyrus "Walk of Fame" playing]
[horn honks]
So what do I tell her?
Okay. All right. [sighs] Hold on.
You're sure the story
is not gonna break tonight?
PR says we have a day or two.
Well. that's something.
I won't tell her until tomorrow then.
No point in spoiling the evening.
[clamoring]
[singer vocalizing]
♪ Every day ♪
♪ Every night It's all the same ♪
♪ Hungry cries Are callin' out my name ♪
♪ Walk away ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Every time I walk It's a walk of fame ♪
♪ And the cars are bright
And lightin' up my face ♪
- [paparazza 1] It's Miranda.
- [paparazza 2] Is it Miranda?
- Miranda!
♪ Ooh yeah It's a walk of fame ♪
♪ And through the tears
I can see it so clear ♪
Miranda!
♪ ...walk away ♪
♪ Yeah. every time I walk ♪
♪ It's a walk of fame ♪
♪ Ooh yeah It's a walk of fame ♪
♪ And through the mirror... ♪
[journalist] Is Runway responsible?
- [journalists shouting]
- [gasps]
[Amari] Not tonight.
Hi. I just wanted to tell you that
the story broke online...
[Miranda groans]
And The Business of Fashion
has already run it.
- [sighs] How bad is it?
- A disaster.
It's gone completely viral.
You want to take a look?
Nigel. can I see that?
- Do I have my glasses on?
- Sorry.
Anyway. you're being blamed
for absolutely everything.
- Oh. God. Irv is gonna flip.
- Yep.
And the timing couldn't be worse.
- I know.
- [chuckles]
[Nigel] Chin up. Let's go face the music.
[Miranda] Oh. it's this appalling company
called SpeedFash.
They lied to us about
their working conditions.
They tricked our reporter
and so now.
we are accused of being complicit in
promoting this perfectly horrible company.
The lengths that some people
will go to to turn a profit.
So now we're the villains du jour.
Served up red. piping hot.
Well. good for you. I say.
Villains are always the most interesting.
[phone buzzing]
Oh. God. Irv.
Ah. That is my cue to
take the dog out for a walk.
Hey. Gio! Let's get this done.
- Come on. boy. [whistles]
- [whines. barks]
Hello. Irv.
What the hell. Miranda?
Dad. check this out.
We are getting killed online.
I am getting angry emails from ad buyers
- for Tiffany. Fendi. Bvlgari!
- [Miranda] Well. I...
Who's gonna pay for your overpriced book?
I've already been on the phone
to advertisers.
I'm meeting with them in the morning
and I'm going to have
a very direct conversation with Ashley.
Don't. I'll fix it.
This is abysmal timing.
I'm pondering this huge move
for you. And this happens.
[beeping]
[son] Dad. this is bad.
Even the Journal is thrashing Runway.
and all of Elias-Clarke is getting blamed.
Our monkeys. our circus.
I know.
How are we gonna claw back
any shred of credibility?
Check this out.
Because some things
still matter more than money.
Journalism still fucking matters!
[cheering. whistling]
Whoa.
Yo.
[gulps. gasps]
[host 1] Miranda Priestly?
I thought she was smarter than this.
[host 2] At this point.
it's like you're not relevant.
- [host 1] Oh. my God.
- [host 2] She's a relic.
She's dead. She's a dinosaur.
[host 1] Like. old. tired. washed.
I know it.
She watchin' the season finale
of Yellowstone.
- [host 2] No. fully.
- [hosts laughing]
[phone ringing]
Hello?
[Irv] Andy Sachs?
Yes.
Irv Ravitz. Quite a speech you made today.
- Oh. Hi.
- Looks like you need a job.
[♪ Post Animal "Setting Sun" playing]
I can't even believe I'm thinking about
going back to work at that magazine.
- How's the salary?
- [inhales deeply]
Twice what I made at the Vanguard
and Irv promised that
I would have a real budget to tell stories
and hire real writers like
you guys. so I don't know.
Hey. No one here is judging you.
I am currently editing a memoir
by one of Paris Hilton's Chihuahuas.
a sassy apple head named Chi-town.
Just to back up. you can hire us.
Your complete abandonment of
your principles means a lot.
[chuckling]
Cheers to that. Pay that rent. man.
[chuckles]
You know what you could do?
If you took the job.
you could write a book.
The definitive Miranda Priestly exposé.
No. I couldn't do that.
An insider's book
about Miranda could be huge.
- I'm gonna text my boss.
- [Andy] No. No. no. no.
- I'm just curious.
- [Andy] Don't you dare.
I bet you could get 50K for it.
No. no... Like. really don't
do that. No. I... No. no. no.
Guys. I would never get hired
again. By anyone.
- She has a point.
- [phone dings]
Some whiny girl
complaining about her boss.
Okay. he said a well-written proposal.
and we all know you do write well.
could get you something like 100K.
No.
[friend 2] Yeah. I'm totally in on this.
No. I'm sorry. I'm just not that person.
I'm not. Maybe I can
make something of this job.
Runway does have a history
of publishing great writing.
No. I'm gonna walk in there tomorrow
with a big smile on my face
and I'm going to make
something of this job. Okay?
What?
"Don't worry. I fixed it.
Be ready at 9:00. Irv."
And you-know-who demanded
we be crosstown at 9:15.
so how do we do both?
We don't have time for this.
What does he mean. "I fixed it"?
[sighs] I have no idea.
- Your 9:00 a.m. is here.
- [Miranda] Hmm.
[gasps]
Hello.
Miranda.
[gasps] Nigel.
Look what TJ Maxx dragged in.
- Hello. Six.
- Hello. [chuckles]
Thank you so much for this opportunity.
I... I've got to admit.
I was really surprised when Irv called.
I mean. a lot of time
has gone by. but I'm just...
I'm so happy for the chance to...
Sorry.
Who is this? Do you know her?
Do I know her?
You might remember Andy.
She was one of the Emilys.
One of the what?
- The Emily from... It's...
- I'm Andy Sachs.
Uh... Uh. the smart fat girl.
I was one of your assistants eons ago.
Maybe Irv didn't fill you in.
And Irv sent you here to...
To run the Features department.
Be the Features editor.
He hired me last night.
He didn't tell you?
Um...
So he said that. um. we need to. um...
I mean. Runway needs to take control
of the narrative of the SpeedFash story.
and-and-and restore credibility.
and he thought someone with my expertise
would be a good idea.
but I thought that for sure
you had approved and were excited.
And that's why I came in here all like...
[singsongy] ♪ A-oh! ♪
- Amari.
- Yes.
Get Ashley on the phone. please.
[rings. clicks]
[Ashley] Hi. Good morning. Miranda.
Yes. Ashley. Flag on the play.
We don't need you this morning or ever.
so pack up your things.
And HR will be in to see you shortly.
Uh...
Happy?
You just cost Cornell
summa cum laude her job.
First in her family to
go to college. I believe.
Anyway. come along.
[Nigel] Come on.
[Andy] Uh...
[grunts]
You should get that looked at.
Hmm?
The injury. or condition. or whatever.
that causes you to trudge.
[Miranda sighs]
So. um. I was thinking that...
[clears throat] ...when we
get back to the offices.
we could sit down
and go through some of your priorities.
I could share some of my insights into
the editorial direction of the magazine.
First. though. we need to appease
an important advertiser.
- I-Is that where we're going?
- [Nigel] Yes.
They're furious about SpeedFash.
[sighs] God knows what they're
going to extract from me.
Free ad space. targeted editorial.
A cornea.
Luckily. though. I'm not worried
'cause I have you flown in from on high
to help redirect
this century-old institution
with the benefit of
your infinite wisdom and what?
Oh. Expertise.
Yeah.
Dior constitutes
16% of our designer spend.
And are leading sponsors of
all our special events.
which ain't cheap.
Okay. so we fix this. we got this.
Who do we have to talk to?
Am I having a hallucination?
Emily. hi.
Oh. wow.
You also know her?
Well. we were at Runway
at the same time. Miranda.
Really? Where was I?
Right. Um. shall we?
Ms. Charlton. you're glowing.
It seems retail still suits you.
Ah. Nigel. you're hanging in there
by your fingernails.
Remember when magazines were a thing?
All right. Come on in. everybody.
Take a seat.
- Lots to discuss.
- [Nigel] Mm-hmm.
Um... Where would you like to start?
[sighs]
Okay. So. um. I'm the new
Features editor at Runway.
No. you're not.
Are you serious?
Wow. Wonders never cease.
No. I'm actually a journalist now.
Um. I've been published in...
It doesn't matter.
Anyway. we are all well aware
that running that story
was a mistake and are taking
immediate steps...
I cannot actually get over this.
It's really remarkable.
A senior editor at Runway. You.
Yep.
- We're all so thrilled.
- Mm-hmm.
You know what's funny. is you've changed.
You have. You're much more confident.
Oh.
[Emily] Kept those eyebrows
though. didn't you?
Um. right. Miranda. [sighs] How are you?
I mean. what a shambles.
I've had to unruffle so many feathers
because as you know.
our association with Runway and with you
is predicated on your sterling reputation.
[scoffs] Momentary lapse.
And we're doing everything we can
to make it right with you.
Good. 'cause I was
quite shocked reading it.
Though. I'm sure. as you can appreciate.
it's also important that
we have editorial freedom.
We have to maintain
our journalistic integrity.
Ooh. Integrity. I see.
La-di-da. Andy. Very high-minded of you.
Well. please help yourself
to standards galore.
but if there are no advertisers.
there's no Runway.
No us. no you.
- And we understand that completely.
- Oh. good.
I think as a consequence
of your lapse in judgment.
there's just a few things we'd quite like
just to smooth it all over.
We are thinking at least three pages
of advertising credit
and a feature on the opening
of our new flagship.
- Six pages.
- Three.
No. Five.
Four.
I'm sorry. Are we at a fish market. Nigel?
It's five. with brand mentions
in all captions.
Miranda?
Absolutely. We'll get
right on that immediately.
[Emily] Great.
I'm confused. You just
let them tell you what to do?
Because if I'm here
to restore your credibility. and I...
Did you not hear her? No them. no us.
We need our advertisers. Andrea.
The September issue is already so thin
you could floss with it.
Yeah. advertisers are important.
I know that. I'm not brand-new. but...
Let's be clear.
You did not earn this job.
I did not hire you.
You are a CEO's latest whim.
And all I need to do is to
bide my time until you fail.
And you will. Fail.
Why don't you take the train. dear?
You got this. You got this.
You... did it.
Okay.
[sighs]
[keys clatter]
They're just eyebrows.
[♪ Upbeat music playing]
[elevator bell dings]
[staff chattering]
- Hi!
- Hi.
We weren't properly introduced yesterday.
I'm Andy Sachs.
Charlie. I'm the second assistant.
Hi. Charlie!
Hey. Everybody just calls me
"Charlie the Chair." if you want.
'cause Amari won't let me leave my desk.
Oh. no. it's okay.
[chuckles] A million girls
would kill for this job.
Heard that. [chuckles]
- Is Miranda in?
- There you are.
There you are. I am on time.
So... [scoffs]
You're the kind of person
who thinks on time is on time.
Okay. got it.
All right. come on.
I'll show you to your office.
Amari. I need to pee.
Please. I had a venti.
Oh.
Was it worth it?
- No.
Actually. I should probably
talk to Miranda first.
Oh. I'll take you to your office.
- Good luck. Charlie.
- Thanks.
So. I used to have your job.
I heard. Such a remarkable fact.
Yeah. back in 2006.
[chuckles] Got to go
to Paris Fashion Week.
Wore a bunch of pieces
from the Chanel collection
that year.
Oh. wait. The one with the pageboy hats?
And the thigh-high boots. Yeah!
Love. Do you still have all of it?
- No. I gave it away.
- What?
Would've been a bit much for a newsroom.
This is you.
Oh. Okay.
And this was Ashley's office?
No. Miranda wanted you to have this one.
for some reason.
For some reason. Right.
Who gives away Chanel?
- I stole these for you.
- Hey.
- All from this season.
- [gasps]
But lie about where you got them.
There's more where that came from.
but you can't be greedy.
- Cafeteria?
- Great. I'm all done.
Come on.
Hmm.
I don't mind that blazer. Is it...
- Margiela.
- Huh.
Thrifted it in Provo. Eleven bucks.
Learned a thing or two the
last time I was here. babe.
Hmm! Not bad. babe.
[Jamiroquai "Diskokid" playing]
Ah. fate.
The winding road
that brings us back to me.
watching you ladle goo into a bowl.
[chuckles]
It's so good to see you. Nigel.
Yeah.
Miranda is very lucky
you're still at the magazine.
What magazine?
You must know that Runway
stopped being a magazine many years ago.
I mean. we still have a book.
but practically nobody buys it.
Nope. We are digital. We are download able.
We are stream able. We're in the ether.
And the budgets?
I used to get four weeks
in Africa with Avedon
to do a glossy spread.
and now I'm lucky if I get
two days at Milk Studios
to shoot content that people
scroll past whilst they pee.
[groans]
- So...
- Yeah?
Is it just me. or has Miranda
been extra spicy?
You see her outside of Dior?
I thought her head was going
to spin completely around.
Well. she's on edge
because Irv is about to promote her
to Global Head of Content.
- No way. That's a huge job.
- Yeah.
But the problem is.
the SpeedFash debacle
might derail the whole thing.
What you're saying is. she needs me.
[chuckles]
- Oh. you're serious.
- [chokes]
Sorry.
- Oh. really.
- Yeah.
I'm going up to the art department.
- Oh. you like that.
- [laughing] Yeah. very much.
- Are you Andy?
- Yes.
Hi. I'm Jin Chao. I'm your new assistant.
- Cool! I was wondering...
- Hi.
About that. Nice to meet you.
I was an intern this morning.
but. uh. when a desk opens up.
the interns get a chance to interview.
and guess what?
Nobody wanted to work in your department
'cause it's not actual fashion.
so I just. like. got it. Isn't that cool?
Very.
- You don't want me.
- [stammers] I didn't say that.
If you don't want me. you can
interview someone else.
- That's totally fine.
- I don't...
I did go to Yale. 3.86 GPA.
lead soprano of the Whiffenpoofs.
and my ACT score was 36
on the very first try. but...
No. you seem great. I'm happy to have you.
- Great. Okay. Nice.
- Okay. great. Okay.
Um. so. listen. I'm going
to be working late tonight.
so I'm just going to need
a couple things. First. I j...
Is Miranda hanging up her own coat?
Oh. yeah. I heard there were
some HR complaints.
Apparently. she used to
just throw her coat at people.
Huh.
[closet door slams]
[exhales deeply]
Maybe some things have changed.
Ah. Anyway. yes. working late tonight.
[chattering]
[Andy muttering indistinctly]
You're not still waiting for
the book. are you?
Oh. yeah. She likes hard copies.
[sighs] Still?
[chuckles] Mm-hmm.
Um. can I give you something
to bring over to her?
'Course. I'll hoof it over.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Oh. When you go to her house.
no matter what anyone tells you.
don't go up the stairs. ever.
[chuckles]
Who'd be stupid enough to do that?
No one!
[phone buzzes]
[chuckles]
Vanessa Friedman in The Times
says that Andy's story
is a "bracing mea culpa."
Yeah. but did anyone
besides culture writers
actually click on the story?
Not really. but optics-wise.
saved our bacon. right?
We'll see. Jury's still out.
[♪ Upbeat music playing]
- Good morning.
- Hi.
Nigel in?
No. Nigel's not in.
- I read your piece.
- Hmm?
I read your piece. It was really good.
Oh. thank you. [chuckles]
Oh. See. that was a cool profile.
Oh. yeah. The Barnes piece.
Obviously. it was from before their split.
Yeah.
- I love Sasha Barnes.
- I know.
[Andy] I've tried to get
an interview with her.
like. a million times
but I've always struck out.
- Oh. you're not the only one.
- Really?
Miranda would kill.
Now that their divorce has made Sasha
one of the richest women in the world.
Interesting.
I feel like I could write a book about
just his before and after.
You know what I mean?
The original Benji Barnes was.
like. that slope-shouldered
nerd who's like. never seen
the inside of a weight room.
Lately... There was a picture
of him the other day.
A few steroids. a smidge
of Sculptra. some Ozempic
- and voilà.
- He's a modern miracle.
It's a modern miracle.
Gotta love a glow up.
It's compelling.
Okay. well... Ooh. Hi.
We took some vintage Muglers
and Westwoods.
and we shot them downtown
in the Washington Mews.
And you were there
when these images were taken?
Uh...
Yes. I-I was.
So the intention was dull and listless.
I wouldn't say that was.
um. the goal. [titters]
And the models were encouraged
to mill around like starving goats
in the parking lot of a methadone clinic
in New Jersey.
[Amari clears throat]
- What?
- Can't say that.
What am I not allowed to say?
- Methadone?
- [Amari] Mmm.
New Jersey? [chuckles]
Anyway...
This was our first time using
this photographer.
so we can do a reshoot.
Just. you know. fix it.
So. who else? Marta?
What do you have cooking?
We're seeing a lot of gorpcore
for this year's resort.
so I was thinking of doing an
interactive piece on the app
where you choose a National Park
and then you choose
a hiking shoe and a bum bag.
A bum bag!
May my suicide be brief and painless.
[Amari clears throat]
- No. no.
- What?
What do you mean. "No. no."
I... I'm not talking about
killing other people. Yet.
Okay. Fine. Uh. who else?
Ilana. what do you have?
The re-report of the SpeedFash
story went over well.
Media critics responded to our candor
and to us taking responsibility.
Right. But did anyone read the piece?
I don't know.
Nigel. how are the metrics on that one?
- [Nigel] Mm-mmm.
- Hmm-mmm.
See. you are here to write and edit
features that people read.
And when that happens. yes.
you may interrupt a meeting.
But until then... [winces]
Mm-mmm.
Let's talk about rodeo bow ties.
This one's cute.
That was kinda rough.
I mean. I just steered us
through a crisis.
Is it so hard to acknowledge that?
Oh. yes. The girl who likes validation.
Did your parents hang
all of your finger paintings
up on the fridge?
No. It's not that.
I don't need a pat on the head.
I-I-I need to know what she wants.
All right. I need constructive feedback.
Oh. feedback.
And a lollipop. or... just feedback?
Did you need this job?
Did you take the job?
So figure out a way to do this job.
- Bye.
[Nigel] Bye.
Okay. so I think that if
we're talking about...
Kind of follow that sartorial thing
and how it links up to...
[groans]
What is this?
Oh. that's far too pink. Ken.
We are subtle.
We're not Valentino.
do you know what I mean?
Is this the sample I sent you?
"Tulip whisper."
That's the one.
Now I don't know. I don't know about that.
Wow.
Oh. there she is.
Is this all you?
- It is.
- It's impressive.
You are very busy.
Thank you for your time.
The thinking is that we will
cover the new flagship.
and your role in putting it together.
Is that Miranda's idea?
Um. it was mine.
Fine. If that's what you think
is best. then that...
That's fine.
Okay. great. Why don't you.
uh. give me a tour.
Okay. Will do.
Ken. it is not a whisper.
It's a cry for help.
This. of course. is a tribute to
the grand staircase
at the original Dior Atelier
on Avenue Montaigne.
- [Andy] This is incredible.
- I know.
And the cost?
I'm not at liberty to discuss that. Andy.
- but it is whopping.
- [snorts]
What? What is that sickening look?
It's just... It's nice
to see you all grown up.
Ugh. So... So gooey.
Always when you used to make that face...
Because you were always so irritating.
Yeah. you were a barrel of fun.
No. hey. hey. hey. Listen.
I don't know. It's nice to see you again.
- Catch me up. Who are you now?
- No.
Like. not for this. just. human to human.
Fine. I am divorced from
a pathological narcissist. Thank God.
But I've got two beautiful children.
Bronwyn and Roark.
One at Collegiate. one at Chapin.
- [Andy] Good for you.
- I know. Gorgeous. right?
- Yeah.
- You?
I... left New York for 15 years.
Just lived everywhere. chasing stories.
And I'm not married.
Never found the right person.
And my kids are
at a doctor's office on 85th.
They're frozen eggs right now.
but I like to think of them
as my little ones.
Siobhan and Esther.
[strained chuckle]
Okay. why did you leave Runway?
I'm sorry. is this an exposé?
- No. it's just a question.
- It's not really relevant.
Well. I mean. you worshipped
that place. and Miranda.
So. why'd you leave?
Why are you even asking me why?
I mean. have a perv around this place.
Luxury retail is the only
sector of the fashion business
that still makes money. That's it. Retail.
Everything else. forget it.
So. yes. Happy to be here. frankly.
Because do you know that 20 years ago.
a $100 handbag was considered a splurge?
Brands like us. we changed all that.
Used logos and branding
because everyone understands.
everyone gets it.
that your bag. your scarf.
your perfume. your umbrella...
Write this down.
It tells the world who
you are. what you care about.
And now. there's housewives in Banff
who wouldn't dream of going out
without one of our $3.000 totes.
And that's a good thing?
I don't know. Is it a bad thing
to bring beauty and design to everyone?
Everyone who has $3.000.
Have you heard of Christmas?
Anyway. don't you worry
about me and my career.
Worry about yourself.
I haven't seen any of your
stories get any traction.
Nothing moving the needle there.
What does Miranda say about it?
Is she being tough on you?
It's normal Miranda stuff.
Yes. Irv. Yes. I am looking at
the numbers as we speak.
[Irv] They're unacceptable.
- Take care of it!
- Okay. I...
[beeping]
[sighs]
Well. that sounded like a warm bath.
[sighs] It's as if he forgets
he hired her.
His hire. my problem.
Did he say anything at all
about the global editorial job?
No. he's gone mum about all that.
I've spent my career trying to figure out
what people need to know.
now I need to figure out
what people wanna click on.
It's just...
Maybe you just have to figure out
how to do those things at the same time.
You know. like. the smart stuff
and the fun stuff.
Oh. my God.
Hi. there. Hi.
Uh. would you like. uh. uh...
No. Not going to sit.
Um. Irv called frustrated.
Your pieces are not breaking through.
Yeah. no. I... But I do have to say that
I think that some of
these pieces are worthwhile.
Worth whose while?
I mean. that you want to
turn new readers on to Runway.
that's great.
But maybe you don't wanna turn off
the ones we already have.
Yeah. um. I-I didn't wanna...
But we do have some
important work coming up.
- Hmm. Oh. good.
- Uh... Um. I...
I'm doing a Sasha Barnes profile.
You really have an interview set?
Uh. close.
I'm just locking in the
details. but I-I-I have an in.
Hmm.
Sasha Barnes hasn't done press
- in three years.
- Three years.
Bit of a holy grail interview-wise.
It's what makes it so exciting.
So what's your in?
Oh...
I don't have one.
- Here we go.
- No. it's...
God. this house is just... Wow.
Even back then. they were
just so insanely rich.
And just so I'm clear.
you have no way to get to Sasha.
but you told Miranda that you do?
Correct.
That's just standing a little
close to the fire. no?
I am the fire.
Don't say that to people.
Oh. yeah. yeah. I know this piece.
This is a Cecily Brown.
It sold for over 600K back in 2009.
Okay. Uh. do you know who sold it to them?
Yeah. probably my friend Paula.
She's Cecily's biggest dealer.
Can she get me Sasha's number?
Maybe. Let me call Paula.
- Can you go faster?
- You gotta chill.
- I know.
- Okay.
Paula said you might be able
to get me a number
for Sasha Barnes.
Uh-huh. You can't.
Dog trainer? I'll take it.
I just wanna ask her some questions.
Yes. no. I promise
it won't get back to you.
[gasps] Thank you!
Sasha? Hi. Andy Sachs from Runway again.
Uh. would love to talk
when you have a sec.
So call me anytime. Anytime.
I'm always clutching my phone. Thank you.
Sorry. I am so focused on
getting this story.
- No worries.
- I've left Sasha 18 messages.
and I've reached out to everyone she knows
and has ever met.
Love that for you.
Sorry. where is this lunch place?
Right here.
Lily. What...
Saw her on Zillow. Isn't she gorg?
Anyway. even if I loved it.
I can't afford that.
Sure you can. You're making
double your old salary.
- For how long?
- Ah. come on.
Let's just go take a sneak peek
at a model unit. okay?
[Andy sighs]
I just want you to have
the apartment you deserve.
[chuckles] I mean. you gotta admit...
- Yeah. it's not bad.
- Uh-huh.
I bet you wouldn't have to
bang on the faucet
- to get running water.
- [chuckles]
- The bar is so low.
- [both chuckling]
I'm gonna go check out the bedroom.
Oof.
- Hi.
- Hey.
[Andy] This apartment...
It's pretty nice. huh?
Uh. if you like this kinda thing.
Renovated properties?
Everything that's wrong with our society.
Right. right. [chuckling] Totally. yeah.
No. no. no. Don't get me wrong.
I mean. I-I-I don't...
I do love new places.
It just kinda breaks my heart
when you find a historic building
- and then they do... You know?
- This.
Well. it's heartbreaking
and the other thing is.
you know... Um. I did this.
Yeah. this was... This was me.
This is my building.
- [laughs]
- It's fine. It's fine.
- No. Okay. Hi. I'm a jerk.
- Hello.
- [chuckles] I'm Peter.
- Andy.
Nice to meet you.
I don't want you to think that
I'm. like. a greedy developer.
'cause I'm not.
I'm a contractor.
So. I just found the building
and I cobbled together
a bunch of rich old people
who are. you know.
awful. disgusting. heartbreaking people.
and they bought it.
And I got to work on it and.
you know. they give me
a little slice of that.
Also. the city was gonna knock it down.
- like. it was in bad shape.
- No.
- No. it was in bad shape.
- No. Oh. no.
- They had rats here.
- You saved the building.
Well. hero is your word.
I don't wanna play into that narrative.
But there were rats here
that were basically men.
- Excuse me. [giggles]
- Yeah.
Um...
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
- Okay.
- I'm just... Sorry.
- Oh. hi. Uh. Lily. this is...
- Hello.
- Peter Warburton. Yeah.
- Peter. Peter.
- And I gotta...
- Yeah.
- I gotta go to this thing.
- Mm-hmm.
I'm so sorry I insulted
your building. Good luck.
It's fine.
Call you. Lily!
- Huh.
You two were having a moment.
Think so?
- What's your story?
- My story?
- Single?
- Yeah.
- Why?
- Uh. well...
- Divorced?
- Yes.
- Kids?
- No.
- Do you have a card?
- Yeah. Yeah. There you go.
I'll be checking your socials.
Okay.
[Charlie] Oh...
[Andy] I...
- Where is she?
- Why?
Charlie the Chair. where is she?
Okay. I'll look. Um...
We were thinking about
Victorian and Edwardian dress.
and the incredible undergarments
and how they exaggerate
and enhance a woman's figure.
You hate the bow.
I don't like the bow.
Michael. I told you she'd hate the bow!
I got the holy grail.
[♪ Exciting music playing]
[Miranda] Why grant an interview now?
I didn't intend to live a public life.
I got my PhD. taught anthropology
while Benji was tinkering with code.
I had no idea that would. you know.
put me on a rocket ship
into this hall of mirrors.
- [Miranda chuckles]
- To mix a couple of metaphors.
But here I am. this estate.
this art collection. and my goal is...
Well. actually my obligation
is to eventually give
everything I have away.
Well. we're very grateful
you chose to sit down with us.
Lately. I've noticed what
you've been doing with your articles.
There's more gravitas
and an actual point of view.
[Miranda] Hmm.
You know. you haven't asked me
a single thing about Benji.
Either the original or the 2.0 version.
[both chuckle]
Why should you be defined
by that marriage?
He isn't.
You're right. I'm not.
Nor will I be defined by my second.
I'm engaged.
I met someone who has his own life
and doesn't give a shit about
all this fanfare around me.
[chuckling] Engagement?
[gasps]
I'm... I did not have any idea.
Well. no one does. You're the first.
I mean. I'm not sure why people care.
but they seem to.
Yeah.
You know. go ahead and break the story.
It's my little gift to you.
[Nigel] This is huge.
A fabulous bit of gossip
that we are breaking
about an iconic but elusive woman.
Photos are gorgeous.
Your article is great.
My styling is genius.
This is what Runway does best.
What if Miranda doesn't like it?
Don't be negative.
Yeah. why would I be negative?
Stop it.
That.
Brilliant.
- Right?
- Yep.
So. let's just...
run it as our main piece.
Push it out to the subscribers.
and. uh. pin it on top of
the socials as well.
[Andy] That's great.
[♪ Playful music plays]
[breathes deeply]
Maybe his medication is
something he needs to look...
I have no idea what's going on
with it myself.
- Hi.
- Hi. You came back.
I came back.
[Peter] Good.
Any apartments still available?
I think there's. like. 15 or 20.
- How many do you want?
- [chuckles]
Let's start with one.
[♪ SZA “Saturn” playing]
[Andy] I think it's good.
but I also have the 11 other stories
that I had to post today
about. uh. coconut water
and private jokes between
you and your lover
and enzyme peels.
Enzyme peels?
That's the one.
What is that? What does
an enzyme peel... peel?
It peels the skin off your face.
- Does it now?
- Right off.
- Wow. People pay for that?
- [chuckles]
Maybe I should. I've still
got all my old skin.
Oh. no. that's completely out. No.
I feel like I'm out.
You're done. It's over.
But you still get to do real journalism.
Please. tell me that you do.
You know what was amazing?
The series you did on the Federal Reserve.
um. when you were at the Vanguard.
[chuckling] Oh. stop. stop.
You read a four-piece series
about the inner workings
of the Federal Reserve
without knowing if you were
ever gonna see me again?
I did. And that's weird that I did that.
Now it's... Hearing you
say it. that is weird.
I shouldn't have told you that.
It's nice.
It's really nice.
I have been in long-term
relationships with guys
who have never read anything
of mine. so it's very nice.
That's appalling.
I know. It's crazy. But...
That's... [sighs] I can't help it.
Part of me does hope that
this is a stint at Runway.
and that it's a stepping-stone.
that I get to go back
and do real journalism
and. you know.
work for a paper
or a serious-minded magazine.
Or write a book.
A book? Think you got a book in you?
[chuckles]
I actually have an offer for a book.
That's awesome.
My friend wants me to write
a book about someone famous.
Okay? But she wants
the trashy tabloid version.
But I would want to make it good.
I guess I could make it good.
You made the Federal Reserve sexy.
I'm sure you'd be fine
with this celebrity person.
And then you'd be on a date
with an author.
Because that's what this is.
This is... I mean.
this is a... this is a date.
Does talking about it
make it less of a date?
Talking about it makes it more of a date.
Are we on more of a date?
We're on more of a date
than we previously were.
I like being on more of a date.
- Come on.
- [giggles]
Talia. I'm not interested
in doing the tabloid version.
It would have to be elevated and rigorous.
Would that be something your
editor would be interested in?
Wait. are you kidding me? No. he'd die.
Okay. All right. Um...
Okay. I'm gonna send over a few pages
and a proposal and...
Andy. are you for real on this?
Because. like... this would
really help me at the company.
You better not be messing
with me on this. all right?
Because... Oh. my God. I'm so excited!
What are we gonna wear to the book party?
- Just. you know. please...
- Can we wear matching dresses?
I've always wanted to do that.
Keep this between us. okay?
Thank you. Bye.
It'd be so cute. We can be. like. twins.
[sighs]
- Wow.
- [phone chimes]
Hi.
So I got a text that Miranda
wants to see me this Saturday.
- Mm-hmm.
- At her house in the Hamptons.
Yes. She's having
people there for the weekend.
- [phone ringing]
- Wait. I'm "people"? What?
Perhaps Irv requested you? Hello.
- Irv's going to be there?
- [chuckles]
Charlie. What did we say about laughing?
Stella. [chuckles] Hi.
[Nigel] How many looks are there?
- [Karly] Just three.
- [Nigel] All right.
[knocking on door]
Good Lord. What?
I don't own anything for the Hamptons.
I don't Hampton. I've never Hampton-ed.
Calm down.
I once put together
a whole suite of summer looks
for R.B.G.. and she slayed.
Okay. so a weekend in the Hamptons...
I mean. does this mean I'm in?
- [chuckles] No.
- So when can I relax?
Um...
I'd say coffin.
I am not equipped for this.
[Nigel] Okay. Here's what you need.
Fendi. We need that.
The Brunello Cucinelli pants. Love those.
And where... Oh. yes.
The Gabriela Hearst.
Gorgeous. gorgeous. gorgeous.
And custom Kelly.
What about this?
No.
This is quiet luxury.
Luxury that is so quiet
you need an ear trumpet.
Okay. you definitely need
an embroidered two-piece Toteme set.
but not the terracotta
because you're so pale.
[gasps] Hmm.
Let's go with the ivory. Okay?
Now. remember. all this. just a loan.
Got it? I need every
single bit back by Monday.
- Got it. [gasps]
- Great. Okay.
No. That is not quiet.
That is like a screaming
guitar solo. Sorry.
That is so pretty. [chuckles]
Yes. it is.
But it's inappropriate
for this occasion. Sorry.
[sighs]
- Not a stain.
- [squeaks]
Not even the hint of a stain.
Nothing. I mean. nothing.
Oh. come on.
Please. I'm not a kid anymore.
[gasps]
Oh. God. I can't watch that.
[♪ Laufey "Mr. Eclectic" playing]
Shoes. Ask for shoes.
The metrics as soon as
we get them. Okay. Jin?
All right. Thanks.
- Hi.
- Andy Sachs.
- Yeah. You're good.
- Thank you.
Here you go.
Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Hello. you must be Andy.
Hi. And you're Stuart Simmons.
I am. Let me take that.
- Very nice to meet you.
- And you.
I'm a big fan of your quartet.
Really?
Since yesterday when
I found out I'd be meeting you
and I listened to you on Spotify all day.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
I'm not. It was wonderful.
You are very kind.
- And that is a terrific dress.
- Oh. thank you.
I want you to meet
two of my favorite people.
This is Suleika and Jon.
- Hi.
- I saw your symphony...
- Yes.
- At Carnegie Hall.
It was extraordinary.
- Kara Swisher.
- Hi.
- Oh. hi.
- Nice to meet you.
She's our new Features editor.
- I know. I saw the piece.
- She wrote...
- It was great.
- The Sasha Barnes article.
- Thank you very much.
- [Kara] Yeah.
- Hi. I'm Karl.
- Anthony Towns.
- [chuckles]
- Yes. yes.
[Andy] Hello.
- How are you doing?
- It was a great series.
- Oh. appreciate it. Thank you.
- Like. it was. um...
it was a thrill to be a New Yorker.
Jenna Bush Hager.
Hi. How are you? Nice to meet you.
Hello. Very nice to meet you.
- That was quite an interview.
- [chuckles]
Highest engagement of any
Runway story in eight years.
Tomi Adeyemi and Ronny Chieng.
You should know Tina Brown.
Tina. this is Andy Sachs.
- I'm a huge fan.
- Your piece. Incredible.
Viral. I'm getting alerts
every ten seconds.
[chattering]
Oh. God. We don't have enough rosé.
Excuse me for one second.
Please don't sit. Please
don't sit. Please don't sit.
- Oh. hello.
- Hello.
Um. thank you so much for inviting me.
It's such a wonderful crowd.
[sighs]
I just talked to Irv.
You know that big party
Elias-Clarke's throwing for
his 75th? [inhales shakily]
That's where he's gonna
make the announcement
about my new role.
I'm gonna be Global Head of Content
across all Elias-Clarke publications.
[gasps]
Wow. that is... Wow.
You know. he's been holding it
over my head for so long.
I don't know why
I'm telling you this. [laughs]
But I thought it would never happen.
Congratulations. You deserve it.
And he's talking about giving
the Features department
a bigger budget.
- No.
- Yes.
Really?
Which means maybe we'll have to look for
a more respectable office for you.
Well. uh. that would be great.
Mm-hmm.
[sighs]
I always knew that you would
end up doing something great.
You forgot I existed.
Right. But before that. I knew.
[quietly] Ah!
[♪ Relaxed music playing]
[Andy] Just so you know.
Nigel picked this out.
- So it's a lot.
- I like a lot.
- [Andy] You do?
- Yeah.
Okay. I'm just gonna come out.
- Yeah. just come out.
- [Andy] It's a lot.
Well... I mean. if this is
what you call a lot.
- I like it a lot.
- [Andy chuckles]
- Like. a lot.
- Thank you.
Like. I don't think we should
go to this thing at all.
[♪ Sienna Spiro “Material Lover” playing]
- Sometimes. less is more.
- [chuckles]
[chattering]
She's on so much Ozempic.
she tried to eat a hot dog...
Projectile vomited.
- Shop. Chicken Shop Date.
- Chicken Shop Date.
I don't think we need to know why.
Okay.
[Peter] Okay. This is
a pretty cool work party.
If you like this sort of thing.
Everything that's wrong
with society. Yeah.
Okay. Stop. Now. is that Hugh Jackman?
That is Hugh Jackman.
I should probably say hi. Shouldn't I?
I mean. I should.
Do you know him?
Well. no. But if Australians
don't say hi to each other
overseas. you know.
it becomes a whole thing.
So I'll just say...
How's my "g'day"? G'day.
- Okay. All right. [chuckles]
- Okay.
Oh. hi.
It's basically simple science. you know.
At a certain point. we're just
not going to need our necks.
Ooh. that's not... That is so crazy.
It's true. It's a new trachea technology.
It's trachea elimination.
I like my neck.
- [Emily] It's useful.
- [Benji] You can throw out
your tie collection. that's for sure.
- Can you believe it?
- [gasps]
- Emily is dating...
- Mm-hmm.
Yep. Benji Barnes. no less.
Look at him. Utterly smitten.
Just torso. no neck.
That's gonna be us in space.
She is every girl who never
talked to him in high school.
No. Just really stick them out
'cause I don't like the beard.
- You know. all the girls.
- [snorts. chuckles]
Let's go say happy birthday to Irv.
What fun.
Hello. Sorry. sorry.
God. these parties were so much better
when I was drinking.
Not for me.
- There's the birthday boy.
- Excuse me.
Hi. Miranda. Thank you so much for coming.
Hey. Great to see you.
- You look fabulous.
- Thank you. You do too.
- Hey. Happy birthday. Irv.
- Thank you so very much.
- Holding up?
- Oh. yes.
So. Irv is about to announce
Miranda's new position.
[Raye “Worth It.” playing]
- Right now? [gasps]
- Mm-hmm.
At the end of his speech.
There you are.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Cheers.
Cheers.
You know. I gotta say
I'm impressed the way you got past
what happened between you and her.
- What do you mean?
- In Paris.
When she gave the job
you wanted to Jacqueline.
[chuckles] Twenty years ago?
She's done versions of that to me
a million times since then.
But here I am.
By her side.
Or to the side. you know.
a few steps behind.
[chuckles]
And you'd rather be out front?
Maybe you should tell her what you want.
What. like you do?
Like everyone else does?
Benji. I want you to meet
some of the people
I worked with at Runway
a gazillion years ago.
This is. um. Nigel Kipling.
- Nigel.
- Pleasure.
And that's Andy...
- something or other.
- Okay. Andy.
- Sachs.
- Sorry. can't remember. Sachs.
- Hi. hi.
- [Benji] Andy. Hi.
Oh. God. That dress... that is po-pow!
No. I really hate po-pow. No. no. no.
Sorry. I'm sorry.
It's very nice. Not couture.
not custom. but it is nice.
Say. are you the gal
who wrote that piece
in Runway about my gal. Emily?
- Yes. I am.
- Oh. my God.
I gotta thank you.
- Really?
- That was so intriguing to me.
The writing?
Photos.
- The photos were so good.
- The subject.
- Right?
- [glass shatters]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[Miranda screams]
[guests gasping]
Oh. my God!
Is there a doctor?
Dad? Dad?
- Oh. my God. Dad.
- Irv.
Dad?
[♪ Somber music playing]
Got a lot to think about.
A day like today really
puts things in perspective
how fast time moves.
How we gotta focus on what's important.
And priorities.
- [Miranda] Mm-hmm.
- My father loved Runway.
- you know.
- Yes. he did.
So did your grandfather.
Yeah.
He hired me. you know.
And when he passed everything
over to Irv... [chuckles]
- Yeah.
- We were the same age.
We worked so closely.
Yeah. Right.
Now it's me and you.
And I look forward
to carrying that football
into the end zone together.
[sighs]
The end zone. So beautifully put.
[mourners chattering]
Isn't this awful?
I can't believe this is happening.
It's terribly sad.
Yes. it is very sad.
Somehow. Dolce dressed everyone here.
This entire funeral is their fall '26.
I mean. they must've driven
to everyone's houses
flinging out freebies. no doubt.
- Bloody Domenico. So sly.
- [chuckles]
He'll do anything to get back at me
since I put Kendall in the finale of '24.
Isn't she the greatest?
He's been chomping at the bit
for vengeance.
- [Benji] Yeah. [chuckles]
- Over Kendall.
I can't believe there's
someone named Candle.
What's Jay gonna do? Do you know?
Do we have any idea what
he's gonna do with Runway?
No. no. I have no idea.
but. I mean. you've seen the man.
He's not exactly a fashion icon.
He's dressed head to toe
in performance synthetics.
Throw a match at him
and he'll go up like
a Christmas tree in March.
We're gonna be okay. right?
Runway is still valuable. right?
I mean. even without Irv.
They know that. right?
Sorry. So aggressively rhetorical.
You know. I have no idea.
We're just going to have to soldier on.
[horns honking]
[Nigel] Runway Italy
helped establish Milan
as one of fashion's most important
bases of operation.
which is why we can own this
the Brera Academy.
We're going to have a custom runway
that will be for fashion
as well as musical acts.
The whole evening is going to kick off
with one of Miranda's trademark speeches.
This one will be about the intermingling
of Runway and Italian couture.
I'm almost finished
with the speech. by the way.
It will be in your inbox
by the end of the week.
Yes. Marta?
Yeah. this thing
with Irv dying and all that.
when do we find out if things
are changing around here?
Yeah. what's Jay's plan for the magazine?
Is he taking over?
I mean. does he even like fashion?
I mean. he wears Drakkar Noir.
- No. he doesn't.
- Oh. my God.
I'd like to talk about the looks
that we're going to feature
in the Brera Academy show.
Some of the bodies
are very interesting. very...
body... negative.
[clears throat]
No. don't tell me.
I know this. Body positive.
[sighs] But why. really?
When you think a...
[Dirk] Oh. my God. He's here.
[Amari gasps]
[staff member 1] Yeah.
that's. like. our new owner.
[♪ Tense music playing]
Always loved your office.
Can't get views like this anymore.
[Miranda] Mmm.
And the size. I mean. wow.
[Miranda] I remember
you coming to the offices
as a kid with your father
and your little lacrosse stick.
tossing that ball up all around.
I broke a vase.
Did you? I don't remember.
Anyway. sorry it took me a while
to stop by or call you back.
We barely noticed.
But now I'm ready to get ducks in rows.
kick some concepts around
with you. check boxes. Lunch?
- Now?
- Bad time? You slammed?
No. not at all.
I'll just get someone
to make a reservation at...
Oh. cafeteria's fine.
I have a couple calls
that I should return anyway.
Um. I will see you there in ten.
Amari?
Yes?
We have a cafeteria?
- Oh. yes.
- Really?
[phone chimes]
Cafeteria?
She's never even been to that floor.
[elevator bell dings]
It's frozen again.
[staff chattering]
Be back in 20 minutes.
[chattering stops]
Hey. What's good here?
Um...
All the...
things.
You know what?
Before we eat.
why don't I introduce you
to some of the guys.
People. Some of the people.
Didn't mean to. uh. spring all
these folks on you at once.
And yet...
These are just some
consultants that I brought in
for the restructure.
The best guys. People. the best people.
They'll be weighing in on
our organizational alignment.
operational strategy.
financial architecture.
digital transformation.
user experience. everything.
Everything.
Sandeep. you wanna fill Ms. Priestly in
on our concepts?
Absolutely. Sandeep Kapoor.
Harvard MBA. Not important.
You know. at our offices.
we call you "Miranda Beastly"
'cause you're a beast in the game.
And unfortunately. right now
what's happening is
that beast is leashed.
And we need to let that
beast free. Let it roam.
Ugh. Undertakers.
No. what? Management consultants.
Like I said.
[Nigel] McKinsey to my eye.
[Andy] Pfft. Cute.
[whispers] Wish I could hear
what they were saying.
- I know.
- [Andy sighs]
Anyone want Froyo?
- What?
- What? Best thing here.
[♪ Suspenseful music playing]
I worry about this generation of kids.
It's a national emergency.
It went on for an hour.
Miranda in the middle
of that circle of suits.
I have no idea what was agreed to.
They're gonna cut Features first.
They always cut the writing first.
Look. look... [sighs]
Miranda is resourceful. all right?
Whatever this new situation
is. she'll find a way.
Trust me. [scoffing]
She is always ten steps ahead.
Well. it's just. you know.
this whole thing
of having an actual job.
it's been. like. great. you know?
Yeah. I know.
- Hi. hi.
- [coworker] Oh. boy.
I need to talk to you right now.
Okay. Okay. Excuse me. please. What?
Okay.
You know you said
that you wanted to know about
what Miranda and Jay were talking about
in the cafeteria.
Yeah.
So...
What is that?
When I was getting Froyo.
I dropped my spoon on the floor.
and I put my phone under her chair.
and it was recording the whole time.
[♪ Mischievous music playing]
Jin!
- Yeah. Yup. yup. yup. yup.
- What? You are such a badass!
Yeah. I know.
[Jay] We took a look at your budget
and have some immediate
ideas for scale-downs.
Show the markets that we are
ready to crank that EBITDA.
I'm just gonna...
[exhales deeply]
You don't wanna know.
Then don't tell me.
Oh... Oh.
I was kidding. What is it? Spill it.
[whispering] Nigel.
they're cutting everything.
Features? Reduced to nothing.
Fashion and Beauty? Decimated.
Cuts across all departments.
and anyone who's been here
for longer than five years
is too expensive and has to go.
I'm sorry.
That makes sense.
- And you know what she said?
- [Nigel] Nope.
Not a single thing.
Nigel.
You know what I think?
I think I like the bag cross-body.
That's what I think.
All right.
I'll leave you to it.
[The Marias “No One Noticed” playing]
I just can't believe
this is happening again.
Another publication. deleted.
- I'm sorry. Andy. It sucks.
- Sucks.
This is where it's all going.
you know? It's...
It's happening all over.
It's pharmacies. it's bookstores.
It's... You name it.
It's all being downsized.
It's all consolidating.
No. I just can't accept that. I...
We... We can't just keep
sucking the soul out of everything.
And-and gutting it
and then repackaging it.
To what end?
But it's... it's...
We're replacing it. you know?
I mean. you've basically just described
what I've done with this building.
Peter. we're not talking about
you right now. We're talk...
And also. like.
journalism matters
more than luxury apartments.
That's true.
I'm sorry. I'm just...
This is such a spectacularly
helpful conversation.
Thank you.
- Is it not?
- No.
I might give you a minute.
Thanks.
Hey. I. uh...
I know you gotta go to Italy.
but if you wanna... [sighs]
If you wanna catch up
when you're back. I'd like it.
But it's up to you.
[door closes]
- [horns honking]
- [dogs barking in distance]
[doorbell chimes]
Hmm. no.
- Oh. hi. Stuart.
- Andy.
- Yes.
- You all right?
- [stammers] Could I come in?
- Sure. absolutely.
Um. wasn't expecting you. I suppose.
Sorry to bother you.
I just. um. need. uh...
- I think... [inhales deeply]
- Catch your breath maybe.
Okay. Can't. Um. is she here?
Yeah. she's. um...
Brave.
Ah.
I don't mean to bother you.
I just need to talk.
- Talk.
- So. uh. I just need to...
I just need to... You have a plan. right?
A secret plan like...
- like you did...
- I can't hear you.
Don't you have people you can call?
I just don't want everyone
to lose their jobs.
Please. Miranda.
we have been doing such great work lately.
We're attracting great writers.
and people care about the magazine again.
This job has let me hope again
for the future. for our future. my future.
I... I might be able to unfreeze an egg.
Go home.
- But I...
- It's late.
Do not concern yourself with this.
[quietly] It does not concern you.
[♪ Somber music playing]
[sighs]
Hmm. Huh.
[keyboard clicking]
Allora. Milano...
Nigel. you were saying
that some new directives
have come in from on high.
Budget cuts?
Yes. so. regarding Milan.
we're cutting John Legend
because he wants us to ship
his piano there.
and that's too pricey.
So. no music.
Unless we call in a favor.
[pen clicks]
No.
No. She's impossible.
That cover almost...
killed me.
Fine. No music. None at all. No music.
- Okay. fine. I'll call her.
- Thank you.
Now. there are a few new
policies across the board.
The first one is no more
private cars. Uber only.
[gasps]
And as for the flights...
Good afternoon. ladies and gentlemen.
and welcome aboard
United Airlines Flight 19
with service to Milan. Italy.
We'll be coming by with champagne
for our Polaris business
class passengers shortly.
If you're seated in economy.
we do have a full flight today
so please stow your carry-ons
in the overhead compartments
above you and secure any
personal bags or belongings
under the seat in front of you.
I need some... Get me something to drink.
What is wrong with Miranda?
Why is she putting up with this?
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Uh. Ms. Priestly would like a glass
of your finest champagne.
I'm sorry. That's not served
in this cabin.
They have snack boxes.
Mmm. Um... [clears throat]
A snack box perhaps?
[♪ Madonna "Vogue" playing]
♪ Vogue ♪
- [people chattering]
- [photographers clamoring]
♪ Look around ♪
♪ Everywhere you turn Is heartache ♪
♪ It's everywhere that you go
Look around ♪
♪ You try everything you can To escape ♪
♪ The pain of life That you know ♪
♪ Life that you know ♪
♪ When all else fails And you long to be ♪
♪ Something better Than you are today ♪
♪ I know a place Where you can get away ♪
♪ It's called a dance floor ♪
♪ And here's what it's for ♪
♪ So come on. vogue ♪
♪ Vogue ♪
♪ Let your body Move to the music ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ Come on. vogue ♪
♪ Vogue ♪
♪ Let your body Go with the flow ♪
♪ You know you can do it ♪
Oh. it's so beautiful!
Just click it.
- [Benji] Look at that.
- [Emily] What do you think?
- Oh. yeah. Uh-huh.
- What do you think. Benji?
[sighs]
What are you doing?
Uh... [chuckles] Got hypnotized.
Benji's buying Emily a very nice necklace.
Yes. I'm not surprised.
Last week. he bought her a Monet.
And a Klimt.
- Really?
- Oh. yes.
Come on.
- What?
- No. I mean. we're gonna...
Hey. just put it on my tab
here. Just put it on my tab.
Ah. Pronto?
Pronto. sì. pronto. Um...
Posso avere il numero di camera...
Yes. I need a room number.
Mommy. Roark said he wants
the éclair from Miss Madeleine.
but it was my idea to go there.
Oh. bunny. what do we do
when we get a bit wobbly?
We... That's right.
- Breathe in. hold...
- [Bronwyn] Breathe in. hold.
[inhales deeply]
And breathe out.
And don't forget to do the tappy-tap.
tappy-tap it all away.
- There we are. Is that better?
- [Bronwyn] Uh-huh.
Okay. my love. Now. listen.
can you go get Daddy?
All right. Love ya.
- What's up?
- Frank.
I am in Milan. and as you can see.
I am stretched thinner
than a pair of Spanx.
so can you just try parenting?
Go to Miss Madeleine
and get them the bloody éclair.
- I can't do everything.
- You went to Italy.
I'm here. So...
[exhales]
May the bridges I burn light my way.
- [knocking on door]
- God.
Hi.
- [Emily] Andy.
- Do you have a sec?
- Yes.
- Okay.
[elevator bell dings]
[♪ Adventurous music playing]
Okay.
Well. hello.
- Hi. [chuckles]
- Look at us. up before dawn.
I just went for a stroll.
What are you doing?
- Me? Um...
- Yeah. Where are you going?
- Como.
- Ah.
Yeah. I'm doing that story on the winery.
Oh. Right. right.
That's cute.
Dinner tonight?
I always eat with Tom Ford at Da Giacomo.
- Little gossip sesh? Hmm?
- Uh-huh. Um.
Okay. great. I'll text you.
- Okay.
Hmm.
[Emily] Come on.
Window up. Window up.
Nigel's watching. Nigel.
What? Bloody hell.
[laughs]
There she is.
Oh. hi. honey. Hi. Don't.
I'm sorry. I'm just saying. "hello."
So how long have you had a place here?
- Me?
- Mm-hmm.
- Oh. God. Um...
- [in Italian] Grazie.
[laughs]
[in English] I don't know. I don't know.
He doesn't remember anything.
- Nothing.
- [chuckles]
Oh. no. no.
[in Italian] Non. non per mio. grazie.
- No. thank you. Massimo.
- [in Italian] Ciao.
[in English] Not having anything?
No. I'm not doing water these days.
Trying to operate at an aqua deficit.
- It's poison.
- [Emily] Not poison.
- [Benji] It is poison.
- So. uh.
do you think we can pull this off?
[Benji] Depends on what he's asking.
- Oh. come on. BB.
- What?
You can persuade anyone
of anything. You know that.
Well. that's true.
I did persuade this one
to go on a date with me.
To go on a date with you.
- I know.
- [laughs]
With all of that ear hair.
Oh my... Oh. please.
It was so awful.
Andy. if you had seen me
before I met this one.
I had ear hair.
[Emily] It was like a jungle in there.
So much hair growing out of them.
I had to get him one of the things.
- The buzzy thing.
- The buzzer. [imitates buzzer]
Yeah. and then a lawn mower for the rest.
Can you imagine lawn-mowing my chest?
I know. I just like him
like a bar of soap.
That's right. just hairless.
- [Emily] Oh. there he is.
- Oh.
What we need to do is get four people on.
We need to get the accountant.
we need to get the business manager.
We need to get everybody's team.
- Everybody's team.
- Jay!
Real quick. then.
You wanna tell me quick?
You can tell me quick.
[Benji] Jay-Jay!
You wanna tell me slow.
you can tell me slow.
- Does he not see us?
- Not at all.
[bell tolling]
Oh. there you are.
- Oh. hi.
- Hi.
Hey. how was your dinner?
- Lovely. How was yours?
- Mmm.
Oh. you know. I just ordered room service.
- Oh. yeah? Yeah.
- Mm-hmm.
I love their baccalà mantecato here.
- Yum. It was so good.
- Yeah.
Yeah. they don't have that here.
That's a Venetian dish. not milanese.
- I...
- Tell me the truth.
- What's going on?
- What? Nigel.
You're skulking.
I know a skulk when I see a skulk.
- Tell me.
- And... She's here.
- Morning.
- I can't do this clasp.
Ready?
[Nigel] Obviously. security
is going to be very intense.
And we have hired extensive
protezione for the art.
[in Italian] Grazie.
[in English] Okay. everybody.
I'd like to run through
the dinner for the clients.
the seating.
so we have a U-shaped table.
That's the head up there.
It's going to end around here someplace.
about 40 people or more...
And we're going to take the brands.
and we're going to mix them up...
Do you know much about The Last Supper?
[stammers]
Not as much as I should.
Painting this particular scene
was nothing new.
You can find frescoes
of the same subject matter
all over Europe.
but in the other versions.
the man in charge is
usually depicted with a halo.
People think that it was
da Vinci's way of saying.
"We are human. No one is perfect."
Humans are at once glorious and fallible.
And inevitably we deceive
and betray one another.
let each other down.
[sighs]
It's what we're built to do.
Would you agree?
[♪ Tense music plays]
Okay. Yes.
[laughs]
What's Andy doing beetling around here?
[in Italian] Scusa.
- [in English] Can I help you?
- Miranda knows.
- What do you mean she knows?
- She knows.
- How? Did you blab?
- No. but I don't...
She made it terrifyingly clear to me
she is aware something is up.
Oh. for God's sake.
And I know that we're just
doing this to help her
but I honestly can't
with the secrets anymore.
so I think we just...
like. we should tell her.
- No...
- Yes.
We will wait until it is done. please.
[in Italian] Emily. dai
Mi dai un momento?
Perché sei sempre
così impaziente. Donatella?
Per favore!
[in English] Emily. focus.
We need to tell Miranda.
We need to tell her now.
I feel a little bit sick.
I'm so nervous I can't breathe.
- [pants] My neck is hot.
- Oh. my God.
Just hide a feeling for once. please.
[knocking on door]
Oh.
The Emilys.
I thought you were Amari.
Waiting for my Armani.
Has she been human trafficked?
Oh. Uh. Jay sprung for the big suite.
Yeah.
Well. it's a little snug.
but. you know. I'll manage.
How can I help you two?
Um...
- Okay. Miranda.
- Mm-hmm.
What Jay wants to do with Runway.
scaling it so far back that it
doesn't even resemble what it used to be.
cutting my department.
Nigel and most of his department...
How do you know about that?
Look. we all know how important
Runway is and has been.
Yeah. I mean. Runway is
practically a religion
and it needs to be protected.
So I think. you know. the question is.
who has the means to acquire it?
Will you two please spit it out already?
Um... [stammers]
Benji's buying Runway.
Benji? Benji Barnes?
My Benji made Jay Ravitz an offer.
and Jay readily accepted.
And you had a part in this?
Yes. we're doing it
to protect Runway and you.
You'll be editor-in-chief
for as long as you want to be.
[stammers] I'm sorry.
I... I know we've had our differences.
but I just... I...
Well. now. I never realized that you
were capable of this level of betrayal.
Betrayal? No. Miranda.
we're preserving Runway for you.
[Miranda] Oh. no. no. no.
Miss Emily is not preserving
anything for anybody.
[stammers] Yes. she is.
[chuckles] Yes. of course she is.
Emily.
Emily. tell her.
Yeah. Emily.
Tell her.
Well. she's right. [sighs]
Benji's buying Runway for me.
So that I can run it.
- What are you talking about?
- [chuckles]
Look. she's had a long run.
A historic run.
But she's exhausted.
And... And I'm fresher and younger.
I want to set tastes.
not just cater to them.
Why would... Why would you do this?
She knows why.
[stammers] I have no idea.
You pushed me out. didn't you?
I did nothing of the kind.
You made Dior hire me to get rid of me.
Why? Why did... Why did you do that?
[smacks lips. sighs]
For the same reason
that you should never
be in charge of Runway. Emily.
because you are beautiful
and you're intelligent.
but. no...
you don't have what it takes.
I'm sorry. but you're not a visionary.
You're a vendor.
You don't know that.
You don't know the first thing about me.
You never cared to...
Oh. I think I do.
and I also think. deep down...
you know I'm right.
That's all.
[breathes shakily]
Well. Benji's lawyers.
they will be in touch.
With all the details.
[stammers] I had no idea.
I'm... I'm so sorry.
I just felt I had to do something.
I hope that's not what
you're wearing to the dinner.
[stammers]
[sighs]
[bell tolling]
[phone buzzes]
Hey. What's up? How are you?
Oh. my God. Andy. these pages you sent...
My boss is freaking out.
These are perfect.
Oh. Uh...
So about that. um. I don't...
[Talia] There's so much promise here.
I'm sending you an offer and a contract.
And. Andy. it's not 50.
It's not 100.
It's 350.
It's three-freaking-fifty.
- No.
- [Talia] No?
What do... What do you mean. "no"?
Don't you mean. like. "hooray"?
This book.
it could harm Miranda. I don't...
[Talia] Which is fine
because she's atrocious.
It's more complicated than that.
Okay. Stockholm called.
They want their syndrome back.
I... [stammers] Can I call you back later?
Okay. Thanks for letting me know.
Bye.
[breathes heavily]
[Benji laughs] The moon? We've
already been to the moon.
[Benji] And now. of course.
all the boys wanna go to Mars.
Fuck Mars.
Let's go to that big. orange star
that we call the sun.
Totally unexplored!
We've been looking at it for centuries.
I'm gonna build a little rocket.
I'm gonna call it The Icarus.
Icarus did fly too close to the sun.
- He did fly too close.
- He did. And he fried.
That's... You're missing the point. honey.
[Emily] It's like an irony.
- [Benji] No. it's not ironic.
- What's going on?
- [Benji] It's...
- Hmm?
You look like a nervous cat.
Uh...
- Compliment?
- No.
- Hang on a second.
- Oh. Is it... Is it...
I don't know. I'll go find out.
So sorry.
[in Italian] Scusi.
[in English] I'm ready to make
an announcement.
Whenever you're ready.
[Benji] Oh. we're not closed yet.
Still ironing out some of the details.
Oh. I see.
[sighs]
So generous what you're doing for Emily.
Oh.
[chuckles] I know she has many plans.
But I do hope that some Runway traditions
are allowed to remain.
Hmm.
Who knows?
Look. the world
is changing so fast sometimes
that even I can't comprehend it.
So tradition. well...
I think a day is coming.
perhaps very soon.
where. you know.
Runway won't need models
or locations or even designers.
It'll all just. you know. be AI.
Mmm. Mmm.
Surely some things will stay the same.
A commitment to beauty. artistry.
the best in human achievement. maybe.
Maybe.
But...
look around you.
We're in an ancient city
that was once part of
one of the greatest empires
that the world has ever known.
Now there's just little traces of it left.
The world is about change.
That's what human beings don't understand.
The future just comes
rushing at us like. um...
well. like the lava of Pompeii.
Our job is to just let it take
what it wants to take. you know?
One day. it's going to come
and it's going to smother us all.
[laughs. snorts]
And maybe that's the way
it has to be. hmm?
[softly] Maybe.
Excuse me.
[♪ Pensive music playing]
- Hey.
- [gasps]
You made it.
Yeah. sorry.
I should know those flights
from Copenhagen are always delayed.
[sighs]
Hey. hey. hey. What's wrong?
How will I know when it's time?
Uh... [sighs]
You'll know.
And if I leave?
What happens?
What will I have?
What do you have?
Well. you have the twins.
You've got one very badly behaved dog.
Gotta talk to you about him.
And. um...
you have me.
Yes?
Yes.
Yeah.
You bet.
[exhales]
But what I have...
Don't decide anything
based on what you feel now.
You just imagine tomorrow.
Wake up. you have an espresso.
you look out the window
at all the layers of Milan.
then you think
what's the next thing you want to do.
[in Italian] No. grazie.
[knocking continues]
No. grazie.
[sighs]
Mi dispiace.
Non... Non sono… Sono arriv...
[gasps]
[in English] Come on.
Pull yourself together.
We have work to do.
And by we. I mean you.
I have shows to attend.
You have phone calls to make.
I have a long list
of people for you to wrangle.
[♪ Lady Gaga & Doechii "Runway" playing]
♪ Walk ♪
♪ I'm feeling fab I'm feeling free ♪
♪ I feel exceptionally me ♪
♪ Hate all you want But I'm dangerous ♪
♪ You gon' burn your tongue On this tea ♪
I don't wanna tell you what
to do. but I'm gonna tell you
what to do. Please wake her up.
Wake him up. You can wake her up.
This is just worth it. You will thank me.
I'm going to have
to call you back. Wake him up.
♪ Yes ♪
♪ Serve a lil sass Yes ♪
♪ With a lil side of ass Yes ♪
♪ Got the front row screaming
"Okay. okay" ♪
It's a good thing. The clock is ticking.
Will you give me the number
if I stop talking?
Yes. you do have the information.
My boss is badder than your boss.
♪ I can turn a dance floor Into a runway ♪
♪ Turn it up Turn around ♪
♪ Bitch Monday through Sunday ♪
♪ I can turn a dance floor Into a runway ♪
♪ Turn it up Turn around ♪
♪ Bitch Monday through Sunday ♪
♪ I can turn a dance floor Into a runway ♪
I really need to talk to them.
As soon as possible.
I've just been trying all day.
Can you please wake them up?
I have had a lot of caffeine. yes.
♪ Tell em make room My body's an entree ♪
♪ I could turn a mad ho into a fan ♪
♪ Cameras flashing Lights all turn it up ♪
♪ Click. click. click. click
Everywhere I go ♪
Is Andrea here yet?
Can you please try again?
No. not like a hypothetical now.
Like. now now.
Don't you wanna win?
- ♪Yes ♪
- ♪ Serve a little sass ♪
- ♪ Yes ♪
- ♪ With a little side of ass ♪
♪ Got the front row screaming
"Okay. okay" ♪
♪ Yes ♪
- ♪ Do a little twirl ♪
- ♪ Yes ♪
♪ Let 'em know I'm that girl ♪
♪ Yes ♪
♪ Monday through Sunday ♪
♪ I can turn a dance floor Into a runway ♪
♪ Turn it up Turn around ♪
[in English] Um. sorry.
It's. uh. time.
Have you heard from Andrea yet?
No. not yet.
- So. which way do I go?
- This way.
[Nigel] Uh. this is good. I like...
♪ Into a runway ♪
[♪ music stops]
[Miranda] Gaga.
[chuckles]
I was surprised to hear from you.
Really?
Why is that?
Because you don't like me.
[laughs] Oh.
What an absurd notion.
You are such a favorite.
and we are so grateful
that you're doing this for us.
Well. of course I'm doing it.
Nigel said that I'd never get
another cover if I didn't do it.
Hmm.
Did he say that?
Doesn't sound like him.
No.
You're right.
Um. it sounds like someone else I know.
- You can get dressed now.
- Oh.
I better go.
Break a leg.
Bye-bye.
Who let her in here?
I understand. Yeah.
But if you could ju...
[gasps] It is?
That's great. Thank you.
No. thank you. thank you.
I'm going to get her right now.
Thank you so much.
[crowd cheering]
[breathes heavily]
[in Italian] Buonasera. Allora. dove...
[clears throat]
[in English] Okay. so it took all day.
and my cell phone bill
is gonna be a nightmare. but...
I did it.
Your plan worked.
Are you sure?
[Andy laughs]
Yes. but we have to go now if we're going.
- Now?
- So...
So. are we? Are we doing this?
[stammers] There's a slight problem.
I have to host this evening. you know?
I have to give the keynote speech.
No. There's someone else who can do it.
There's someone else who
can speak on behalf of Runway
and represent it just as well as you
if you let him.
Who?
Oh. [chuckles]
Oh. he doesn't want to...
He would never...
[laughs]
I would know if he wanted to...
do things like that.
[sighs]
[in English] When you pair
this up with that black dress.
Can you do that for me? Right. Hurry up.
Have I taken you for granted?
What?
In a world where everyone
shouts and complains
and whines and screws up
and tries to cover up...
[inhales deeply]
There's you.
Mmm.
I mean. there's always been you.
Yeah. Well...
And I need you. I need you to help me.
Okay.
Because I'm leaving right now.
And I need you to speak for us
instead of me.
No. I can't do that.
Of course you can.
- You're brilliant.
- No. I can't. I'm... I'm not.
Of course you are.
Also. you wrote the damn speech. so...
I know you know it.
Please. Nigel.
Okay. okay. Okay.
Thank you.
Okay. [chuckles]
[chuckles]
[♪ Lady Gaga "Shape of a Woman" playing]
[Lady Gaga vocalizes]
♪ Like an old desire
That you know too well ♪
♪ Back to eat you alive ♪
♪ Feeding on the torture
Roller coaster to hell ♪
♪ Visions conquer your mind ♪
♪ Melting in the heat Of another lover ♪
♪ Strung out You're out of time ♪
♪ Spinning 'round in circles
'Cause she rung your bell ♪
♪ Your bell. your bell ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
♪ Remember when you Fell in love ♪
♪ With the shape of a woman ♪
♪ Shape of a woman ♪
♪ See the violet in her eyes ♪
♪ Body so ethereal ♪
♪ See to my grave 'Cause I found God ♪
♪ In the shape of a woman ♪
♪ The shape of The shape of a woman ♪
♪ The shape of a woman ♪
[crowd cheering]
[crowd applauding]
[in Italian] Grazie.
Grazie. Buona sera a tutti.
[in English] Tonight. I am here
to talk about the love affair
between Runway and Italy.
And about Runway's continued pursuit
of the excellent and the unparalleled.
in the world that we love so much.
The world of la moda.
[Benji] Look. it's not about the money.
And it's not about the price tag either.
I'm seeing it as I'm getting
all the bang for the buck
because I'm getting a magazine.
but I'm also getting a creative mind
that does something that I can't do.
[Emily] Okay. well.
I did have one thought.
And tell me if this is a bit too much.
but I was thinking for the first issue...
Uh-huh.
That the cover girl
could... could be...
A lion tamer. or a magician's assistant?
- Oh. a trapeze artist.
- My God.
Do you work in a circus. Benji?
No. Me. Me. This means me.
Oh. right.
Ugh. That is brilliant.
Yes!
[Emily] I know!
Because I'm a role model.
and most role models are not
a sample size. are they?
- That's true.
- Bit heftier usually.
- [laughs]
- Oh.
Okay. I'm gonna call my PR girl.
and I'm gonna have them issue a statement
tout de suite
- that you are the cover girl.
- My guy's pinging me nonstop.
What is it. Brad?
Can we swing those points?
How much cash?
Equity?
Is it syndicated?
- Just chic. quite stark.
- [Benji] Oh. right.
Okay.
I'm aligned.
Just leave the creative to me.
We just do that simple
black-and-white shot.
I don't want to do black-and-white.
- Why?
- Looks a little old-fashioned.
I think it'd be elegant
and chic. Old Hollywood.
So. here's the thing.
I've been trying to unload
Elias-Clarke for years.
Dad wouldn't let me.
Some sentimental hang-up.
But just now.
an offer just fell from the sky.
- So I took it.
- Uh...
- Sorry...
- [stammers] Sorry.
Are you saying that you sold
Runway to someone else?
I sold all of Elias-Clarke.
including Runway. to someone else.
No. you didn't.
Sorry. guys.
People.
- No. no. Wait. wait. wait...
- It could be a good thing.
- Wait. wait. wait. wait...
- No. no. Don't be upset.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
I don't like it when you're upset.
How could you have let this happen to me?
Who did this to me? Who?
[Sasha] I have complete confidence in you.
- Hello.
- Hi.
As the editor of Runway and
our global head of content.
you'll have all the resources you need.
Show the world what you can do.
Oh. we will.
We will.
[chuckles]
[Andy] Do you think she'll
be able to stay out of things?
You heard her. Hands off. For now.
- [sighs]
- Mm-hmm.
You know. I should thank you.
You really woke me up. Somehow.
You should still write that book.
350K. that's nothing to sneeze at.
[stammers]
How did I know? Oh. Andy.
People run to tell you this kind of news.
They run.
No. you should write it.
and you should keep all the juicy bits in.
How impatient I am.
And... [sighs] ...demanding and imperious
and. you know...
how much of my
children's lives I've missed
and. yeah...
Just. uh. put it all in there.
Because people should know.
They should know there's a cost.
[sighs]
But. boy. I love working.
[chuckles]
I really do. Don't you?
- [chuckles]
- Yeah. I just love it.
But if you write this book accurately.
you know. it could buy me a
couple more years at the top.
I'm not gonna do that to you. Miranda.
[chuckling] Not anymore.
Why not? Oh. 'cause we're a team now?
Hmm. Okay. go ahead.
Tell yourself that you wanted to save me.
That's a nice story.
[chuckles]
And you are a good storyteller. but. no.
what you wanted to save was yourself.
Elias-Clarke is just
the last piece of wood
floating next to the Titanic.
And for now. yeah.
there is room for both of us.
But...
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I did it to keep my life. But...
Hmm. we can still do good work together.
Well. we have no choice.
- Pinocchio.
- [Lily] Mm-mmm.
[♪ Izzy Escobar
"Evergreen Avenue" playing]
- Oh. my God.
- [in Italian] Altro Pinocchio.
[Lily laughing]
[in Italian] Pinocchio grande. [laughs]
[in English] Andy. this is...
Thank you. This is very sweet.
but. you know.
she doesn't need any of this.
Nobody needs anything.
but who doesn't love a freebie?
[gasps. laughs]
It's a Valentino. Oh. my God.
[both laughing]
- Do you love it?
- [sighs]
- You love me.
- I love you.
- Mmm. Thank you.
- 'Course.
So... did you call him yet?
No.
I'm worried I'll say the wrong thing.
Andy. go see him. Say the wrong thing.
[chuckles]
It's part of it.
[gasps] Stop.
[in Italian] Sono felice di vederti.
- [sputters. chuckles]
- [chuckles]
[in English] I learned to say.
uh. "I'm happy to see you."
- In Italian?
- Yes. that was Italian.
Well. sono...
I'm happy to see you in Italian too.
Listen. um...
we didn't have a perfect hello.
and we certainly didn't
have a perfect goodbye.
But maybe that doesn't mean anything
except we're not perfect.
And maybe we should
just be not perfect together.
I would love that.
- Hello again.
[♪ Olivia Dean
"Nice To Each Other" playing]
[patrons chattering]
Hello.
- Cool hair.
- Thank you.
Well. I screwed up. Rather royally.
It's okay.
Really?
Everyone screws up.
Well. I'm obviously very happy
to hear that.
Although slightly shocked you'd compromise
your much vaunted values for me. but...
Yeah. Well. you know. sometimes you gotta.
How are things at Coach?
I mean. honestly. fine. Great.
It's... It's fine.
Those other people were
so mean about my French.
- Oh.
- Got a bit sick of it.
[clears throat]
Do you know that I called you?
Yeah. I do. That's why we're sitting here.
No. I mean after you
left Runway the first time.
I called you.
- You called me?
- I called you.
You...
Oh. yeah. I remember.
I got a pocket dial from you.
Bloody hell.
No. I wanted us to be...
I thought we could be pals.
- No. Don't make that face.
- No. But...
- It's not a big deal. It's...
- You wanted to be friends?
Yes. well. it's obviously
too late now. isn't it?
Why?
Because I'm. like. persona non grata.
That's why.
Not to me.
And can I just say.
you're gonna get your shot to be
whatever it is that you do wanna be.
I don't know about that.
You know Benji broke up with me.
[groans]
It's gonna be so hard to find
that kind of patron again.
You don't need him.
or a fashion house.
or a patron. or anything.
You don't need... You are iconic.
Well. that is a lovely compliment.
So...
friends?
I don't want to hold your hand.
- but yes. Friends.
- [chuckles]
Okay.
[gasps] What is wrong with my eyebrows?
Look. it's not... it's not fatal.
[exclaims]
I'm gonna take you somewhere.
and it's gonna be a transformation.
- All right.
- Thank you so much.
- Oh. um. I don't know...
No. they are. I ordered them.
Don't carb shame me. Just a little appy.
Don't you know that shared carbs
have no calories?
You know what? I think I do.
[♪ Hopeful music playing]
[gasps] Jin. you gotta stop.
You're a junior editor now.
But we match.
I get your same order 'cause
I wanna be just like you.
Thank you. Is that dress...
Gaultier? Yeah. I thrifted it.
but the listing was misspelled. Steal.
- Oh. hey. Did you get the...
- Yes. Yeah.
I'm working on the budget now.
Mmm.
This is cute. You and me
together for the long run.
Like you said. fate's funny like that.
Yeah. that's true.
Fate and a couple of well-timed texts
to Jay Ravitz. Yeah.
[no audible dialogue]
With a glowing recommendation
from me. of course.
This whole time
you thought that this job
just dropped into your lap.
Come here.
So sweet.
Forever my girl.
[sighs]
Here's the last folder
for assistant number one.
That's me. Thank you.
Congratulations on your promotion. Amari.
[sighs] Thank you.
I really deserved it. didn't I?
Certainly.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
Hi.
Miranda Priestly's office.
Uh. draft of the lead story
for next month. Hard copy.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
[pages shuffling]
Something else?
Not right now.
Go.
[chuckles]
[♪ Lady Gaga & Doechii "Runway" playing]
♪ No matter what You've got to strut ♪
♪ Walk ♪
♪ I'm feeling fab I'm feeling free ♪
♪ I feel exceptionally me ♪
♪ Hate all you want But I'm dangerous ♪
♪ You gon' burn your tongue On this tea ♪
♪ Might show up late Might be on time ♪
♪ Just wait I'm comin' ♪
♪ Kiki ♪
♪ This paparazzi routine ♪
♪ Bitch. I came to be seen ♪
♪ Yes Serve a little sass ♪
♪ Yes With a little side of ass ♪
♪ Yes Got the front row screaming ♪
- ♪ Okay ♪
- [crowd] ♪ Okay ♪
♪ Yes Do a little twirl ♪
♪ Yes ♪ Let 'em know I'm that girl ♪
♪ Yes Monday through Sunday ♪
♪ I can turn a dance floor Into a runway ♪
♪ Turn it up Turn around ♪
♪ Bitch Monday through Sunday ♪
♪ I can turn a dance floor Into a runway ♪
♪ Turn it up Turn around ♪
♪ Bitch Monday through Sunday ♪
♪ I can turn a dance floor Into a runway ♪
♪ Tell 'em make room My body's an entrée ♪
♪ I can turn a mad ho Into a fan ♪
♪ Cameras flashing Lights on. turn it up ♪
♪ Click. click. click. click
Everywhere I go ♪
♪ Getty can't get me Face card froze ♪
♪ Never gon' see me Waitin' at the door ♪
♪ No Get out the way. ho ♪
♪ Yes Serve a little sass ♪
♪ Yes With a little side of ass ♪
♪ Yes Got the front row screaming ♪
- ♪ Okay ♪
- [crowd] ♪ Okay ♪
♪ Yes Do a little twirl ♪
♪ Yes Let 'em know I'm that girl ♪
♪ Yes ♪
♪ Monday through Sunday ♪
♪ I can turn a dance floor Into a runway ♪
♪ Pose ♪
♪ I ain't scared Of no cameras ♪
♪ Born for the runway ♪
♪ Sashay Doechii ♪
- ♪ Pose ♪
- ♪ On the runway ♪
♪ I ain't scared Of no cameras ♪
♪ Born for the runway ♪
♪ Sashay Gaga ♪
♪ You were born for The runway ♪
♪ Born for the runway ♪
♪ Monday through Sunday ♪
♪ I can turn a dance floor Into a runway ♪
[song ends]
[♪ Lady Gaga "Glamorous Life" playing]
♪ Wanna see my name Under the lights ♪
♪ I need the applause
It cuts me like a knife ♪
♪ Haunted by a dream That I can't fight ♪
♪ Watching my face Drifting out of sight ♪
♪ But lately I'm missing all the signs ♪
♪ Blinded by The champagne lens ♪
♪ Running out of time ♪
♪ Should I watch it burn
And start again? ♪
♪ I might need a hero
To stop me from breaking ♪
♪ Or I'll be the villain
And feed off the pain ♪
♪ Can I be myself ♪
♪ In a world That's just faking ♪
♪ Only want to drive In a fast world ♪
♪ I'll just crash till I die
Of the glamorous life ♪
♪ Crash till I die Of the glamorous life ♪
♪ Crash till I die ♪
♪ And when I feel high ♪
♪ High ♪
♪ I fly ♪
♪ Over time ♪
♪ But when I get dry ♪
♪ Dry ♪
♪ I die From the other side ♪
♪ Could I be a hero ♪
♪ That's still in the making ♪
♪ Should I play the villain
And love all the fame? ♪
♪ Could I be myself ♪
♪ In a world That's just faking ♪
♪ Only want to drive In a fast world ♪
♪ I'll just crash till I die
Of the glamorous life ♪
♪ Oh. crash till I die
♪ Crash till I die Of the glamorous life ♪
[song ends]
[♪ Score plays]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today